what the hell is this it's my TV except
it's got a different model number it
comes with a stand this time and I don't
have to give my phone number to the CCP
to turn it on come on man in all
seriousness it's coming to North America
Q3 Q4 which is a great thing because
it's absolutely gorgeous
and so this is what Fire's remorse feels
like I've only had my TV for like 3
weeks and now high sense goes and
announces the new 110 ux a drop dead
gorgeous giant format TV that has twice
the advertised Peak brightness 10,000
nits and twice the number of local
dimming zones 40,000 zones I mean okay
it's five diagonal inches smaller which
my wife says is a lot but good Lord does
it ever do a lot with what it's got the
big highlight for me is the contrast
when high sense abandoned their efforts
to bring their dual cell technology to
the consumer Market I was honestly
concerned for their future
competitiveness OLED was riding high and
it seemed like many LED TVs would
forever suffer from blooming and light
bleed between the brightest and darkest
parts of the scene but on this set
the onp paper size of each of these
dimming zones is somewhere between a
quarter and half an inch in practice the
veiling glare in the human eye is going
to be your limitation not the contrast
of the TV what's not a limitation for me
is my ability to segue to our sponsor
headphone juice is not something you
should be proud of these are your
typical headphones that accumulate heat
while you game e Wicked cushions add a
cooling gel to their cushions to keep
your ears sweat free you can easily
replace them on your headset check out
wikied cushions and the link below even
getting up close guys and masking off a
bright object I can barely make out any
bleed
it's crap I think it might actually be
better than the TCL I just bought which
is really impressive because that thing
also has 20,000 dimming zones now I
would hesitate to say that it's as good
as an ol I mean surely nothing can match
the Blackness of powered off but I will
say good Lord is it ever close I mean of
course we're going to need the labs team
to put it through the paces properly
before I can say anything for sure but
what I can speak to today is the
brightness considering that this event
exists almost entirely so that every
vendor in the world can show off their
brightest TV to people who care about
that it's kind of hard to stand out but
even under the worst possible conditions
there is no word for this but dazzling
give me some
bright
oh now I'll be the first to say that
some of the previous stuffiness Wars
your thinness your bezeless and even
your high
resolution got kind of silly I mean 8K
is at maybe even already beyond the
limit of what's useful for a TV but I
don't feel the same way about the
current brightness war with the right
content more nits is more better at
least for now because it contributes not
only to the Natural appearance of
highlights like sun glinting off of
shiny objects but it also contributes to
the volume of colors that it display can
achieve on that note high sense is
claiming 90% coverage of the W 2020
color space which is on par with
Samsung's claims about their latest
generation QD oleds which frankly blew
my socks off when I saw them in person
in both cases this is thanks to recent
advancements in Quantum do color
enhancement layers that now have us at
just around 69% of the range of human
Vision which I think we can all agree is
pretty nice I just thought it would take
a lot longer to get here this set
features a native 144 HZ refresh rate
4.2.2 audio Wi-Fi 6E an atsc 3.0 tuner
and high sense is even hoping for power
consumption that is similar to their 85
in model though they did specify that
they are not willing to compromise on
brightness in order to achieve that so
they weren't willing to quote a figure
at this time and that's far from the
only information missing from the show
floor here that's that's the only sign
they have for this thing Hisense is not
quoting supported HDR standards average
pixel response times input latency or
even a price but if it ends up anywhere
near the same neighborhood as the TCL
1150 in
I can imagine a lot of dentists doctors
or other professionals struggling to
load one of these into their cyber truck
in the Best Buy parking lot if you want
some help visualizing that we've got
extras from the TCL unboxing at lm. g/f
floatplane we'll have that link down
below of course by the time you're
spending that kind of money I could
understand the temptation to spring for
the Original Gangster that's right the
Samsung the wall is getting an update
for 2024 and is now available in five
different sizes 76 in 89 in 101 in 114
in and of course the monster behind me
the 140 in version now this is very
unfortunate Samsung has basically no
information about this thing whatsoever
so I can only tell you based on my
eyeballs that the color gamut does look
bigger than what we saw last time around
and in particular the brightness looks
much brighter than the Thousand n Peak
brightness that we saw on the last
generation of course in order for us to
tell you for sure we're going to have to
you know get our hands on one for
testing uh Samsung uh if you're watching
we'd love to check that out but one
thing I'm sure they're not going to be
sending to us is this I just have no
words for their microed transparent
display now we've seen transparent
displays before particularly oleds but
the difference here is that microed
pixels are so so tiny that's a big part
of what gives them their pitch deep
blacks and because they're so small they
don't get in the way so not only is it
vividly bright in a way I haven't seen
before but it's transparent in a way
that I haven't seen before like it looks
like a window except there's a screen on
it I don't even know how we would test
something like this so yeah not even
going to worry about that what I will
worry about is this message from our
sponsor are you headon Christians hot
like a tiny steam room stuff steaming
your ears like your broccoli W cushions
offer all sort of cushion replacement
for your headphones and it's not just
your regular cushions with added dual
layer cooling gel they ensure you keep a
cool head even your team is feeding
looking for a crack wikied cushion give
you a crack-free
comfort they use top-notch materials
like breathable sport Fabric and memory
form with over 25,000 reviews and the
365 days to full in love warranty don't
listen to me listen to your ears this
time check out Wicked cushions and the
link below if you guys enjoyed the video
maybe check out the one we did on
Samsung's QD OLED gaming monitors the
new 2024 lineup
looks amazing